So in the last lecture
we executed this piece of JavaScript code inside of a browser.
In this lecture, I'm going to show you how to run the same code
in Node. So I'm assuming you have installed Node on your machine, if not
head over to nodejs.org and download the latest version of Node.
Now if you're on Windows, open up command prompt, if you're on Mac,
open up terminal, and head over to the folder you create earlier.
Now, in this folder we run Node, and pass the name of
our JavaScript file, that is index.js.
We get the same message on the console. So we can see node is
a program that includes v8 JavaScript
engine. We can give it a piece of JavaScript code, and it will execute that
code for us just like how we can execute some JavaScript code in a browser,
so Node is a run time environment for executing JavaScript code.
Now let me show you a tip. Here in vs code
we have an integrated terminal, so you don't have to explicitly
open up a separate terminal window. So here on the top,
under the view menu, look we have integrated terminal.
Note the short cut here, that's the short cut for Mac,
on Windows you're going to have a different short cut. So, select this,
and here's our integrated terminal, pointing to the same
folder where we created our files. So we don't have to explicitly
navigate to this folder. And here we can run Node
index.js as well. Now in this course we're not going to work with
node anymore, because Node is a completely separate topic, in fact
I have a comprehensive course about Node with 14 hours of content.
So once you finish this course, if you want to learn about Node you can always pick up my Node course.